<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
<body>
	<f:view>
		<ui:composition template="/layout/template.xhtml">

			<ui:define name="body">
				<h1>Hello and welcome to Little Black Organizer!</h1>
				<p>Little Black Organizer is the only organizer that looks at
					your tasks lists, calendars, contacts and all your other
					information as an integrated whole. Sometimes tasks are
					mini-projects. They involve people, and meetings and length
					conversations, all of which you have to remember day to day. Now,
					you can store it all in one place, accessible from anywhere and it
					can work the way you want it to work. Prefer to work on paper, and
					just store information online? We can do it. Work exclusively
					online? From your black berry, iphone, smart phone or PDA? We can
					do it.</p>
				<p>Work the way you want to, and see your entire life in one
					place!</p>

				<p>Would you like to sign up?</p>

				<h1>Features being worked on</h1>
				<h2>Calendar Management</h2>
				<ul>
					<li>Keep track of every meeting, soccer game and other events
						on your calenda!</li>
					<li>Know whose participating, whose leading!<span
						class="comingSoon">Coming soon!</span>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<h2>Task Management</h2>
				<ul>
					<li>Tasks can have subtasks!</li>
					<li>Tasks can be put onto lists. <span class="comingSoon">Coming
							soon!</span>
					</li>
					<li>Tasks can be timed, so you know how long you thought you
						would spend, and how much you really did! <span class="comingSoon">Coming
							soon!</span>
					</li>
					<li>Track whose involved with the task.<span
						class="comingSoon">Coming soon!</span>
					</li>
					<li>Track who the task has been delegated to.<span
						class="comingSoon">Coming soon!</span>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<h2>Contact Management</h2>
				<ul>
					<li>Unlimited number of addresses, phone numbers, web sites,
						emails, and instant messaging mechanisms to contact someone!</li>
					<li>Track the roles each contact plays in their lives and <em>yours</em>
					</li>
					<li>Classify each of your contacts the way you want to!</li>
					<li>Real relationships management. Manage not only your
						contacts relationships with you, but with each other as well.</li>
				</ul>
				<h1>Future Features</h1>
				<h2>Email</h2>
				<ul>
					<li>Keep track of all your email.</li>
					<li>Tagging!</li>
					<li>Know not only who you sent email to, or received it from,
						but with regards to what tasks, events and/or relationships as
						well!</li>
					<li>Multiple e-mail addresses for multiple purposes and roles,
						all sorted, and organized for you!</li>
				</ul>
				<h2>Links to social networking sites</h2>
				<ul>
					<li>Know who's posting what to you, and of course all the
						relationships and roles they have!</li>
					<li>Not only can you access your social networks profile, but
						your contacts as well.</li>
					<li>Access your calendar, tasks and other information from the
						social network of your choice (well, okay, they have to provide a
						mechanism for doing so, and we don't control that.) so you can get
						at i from anywhere!</li>
				</ul>
				<h2>Knowledge management tools</h2>
				<ul>
					<li>Look at all of your data in new ways to help you uncover
						hidden links, patterns and other information to help you do what
						you do better.</li>
					<li>Reporting so you know what you did and when you did</li>
				</ul>
			</ui:define>
		</ui:composition>
	</f:view>
</body>
</html>